there is her motto in the SPD's European election program,
together for 1 strong Europe.
who puts Europe at risk,
who listens to Europe and strength
attacks or questions,
attacks the foundations of our coexistence.
at Grund we look mainly like family,
Gender,
LGBTQ Plus and Sex is regulated.
the SPD says women's rights,
the rights of People of Color
also the rights of people with disabilities and LGBT people
IQ Plus Person are Human Rights.
the SPD wants an EU charter of women's rights.
free of charge
low-threshold access to abortion products such as
Pill after and the right to safe and
legalSchwangerschaftsabbruch
should also in the EU fundamental rights charter
be anchored.
Women's quotas
in companies or even politicians consider them to be a
appropriate measure.
the equality of LGBTQI Plus persons
should continue to push forward
become and an anchoring
of modern role models,
the equal
Perception of women in
Promote all areas of society.
the SPD wants the
registered
lebenspartnerschaften andgleichgeschlechtlich
be recognized throughout the EU
and it calls on the EU Commission,
hard on the agbt
IQ Plus take hostile action
individual co-states to respond.
more election programs you can find in our
Playlist and makes the plus go away.